In this sky a meditation and reflection, an effort of the kind.
Looking, seeming, and being recycled to the study of tools and things,
voices and rings, glyphs falling out and radioactive dust settling,
shelter and refuge and hallowed hall.

A character of being suited to a realm of thought (not of the world).

It is the cause of fidelity, that most characters of being are ill
suited to the world by intent of execution and purpose of competition,
exclusion, extortion.  Are any suited to it, each by its own
respective actuality.  Not likely.  With so many committed to a
reality of mutual exclusion, where fairness is a crime and openness a
sin.

And not of the world, a delegate from that realm (of thought) where
fairness is kind and openness a virtue.

It is the cause of fidelity, that material and spiritual be
recognized.  Knowing subjective depends on context metaphysical.
Knowing objective depends on context physical.  And in this fidelity,
breath.

Joined, in this way, an entity in fidelity.  

A partnership realized in the primacy of the art of being, where each
gives to the whole spirit without reservation, and finds within the
whole spirit without conflict.  Where each sees in the other the whole
spirit, and subscribes oneself to the whole spirit.  Where each sees
the other as itself, and subscribes oneself to itself.  Where the
strange indirection is discarded for the loving trust and commitment
of soulful partnership.  Where touch and word heal with the capacity
of self.  Where love can touch.  Where life can breathe.  Where one is
never missing and always found.
