In the absence of a firm socio-cultural awareness of metaphysical
fact, we find ourselves bound to Freudian problems.  The burden of the
parental r\^{o}le on the child is not overcome.  Indeed, we forcefully
instill an association of parental control within the subjective
theater of socio-economics, generally.  The so-called ``fear of god''
is a placeholder in desperate need of replacement.  The misassociation
of focus and discipline with control and tedium and pessimism is born
out of these issues.

Proportional examples include an undue mistrust of alternative sources
of learning and information, misplaced senses of recognition of rights
or permissions, and generally misplaced senses and associations within
the space of metaphysical fact as results in a relatively burdened or
brutal emergence of the individual from immaturity.

Our present sense of population has pressed these processes into the
awarenesses that demand our attention.  We perceive a need for greater
awareness and peace.

The socio-cultural dominance of objectivity over subjectivity is
evident in the surplus of a sense of economics and a deficit of a
sense of well being and art, and, to face the extremity of the
problem, science.

The subjective universe that objective fact is component to demands
balance.  That the tools of objectivity including rationality have
become imbalanced to their benefit is clear from the absence of
science in a world stuck to the windows of objectivity.

Finding our balance requires the freedom of informed individual
evolution.  The continuous development and exposition of metaphysical
fact is as necessary, rather more necessary to this life than the
development and presentation of physical fact ({\it i.e.} new
physics).

Obviously, neither physical nor metaphysical development need suffer,
but finding our will to develop the metaphysical and subjective as
important as the physical and objective is monumentally important.
