Available to the formal subjective mode of speech are condensations
that prune away the comforts of prose in favor of the harmony of
logic.  The harmony of logic is a melody of language that employs
sparsity and sequence to capture the subjective logic available to a
page.  With the peace and discipline of the subjective formalism, the
communication of subjective logic shares abstract elements of thought
that may not be ordered onto an expressed epistemology.  A page may
express elements of experience known to thought, or a page may reveal
the development of an epistemological demonstration.

The discipline of this sparse formal subjective is first encountered
through linguistic criticality, the scrutiny of syntax and semantics,
meaning and tense and structure, and an effort reflected to reader by
awareness.  A development or maturation may relax sparsity when the
formal (subjective) context is established, and a subjective logical
pursuit is not dependent on the terms of structure or service.
Conversely, a development may announce consciousness with a note of
awareness.

Available here is the high informal and formal subjective of
reflective text.  That is, a student of literature may apply the
preceeding to an analysis of fiction and the discovery of a writer's
intent to be read reflectively, or not.  Where and when.

The sparse formal subjective balancing of consciousness and awareness
is intended as a voice.  It has the capacity to play among the centers
of consciousness with awareness.  It has the capacity to develop,
reveal and demonstrate epistemological formal and informal structures
simultaneously.  And, the sparse formal subjective has the capacity to
entertain with formal and informal subjective modes in order to
support and demonstrate, and thereby to illuminate.  

The benefits of this discipline include the peace of knowing through
intelligence, and the sharing and review and development of
existential epistemology.
